welcome to the cricket gordices
today we are going to make a pizza and we
we have a very special guest here
what are you going to help us
Okay, so let's talk to
this recipe we will need 500
grams of wheat flour a spoonful of
sugar soup each baking cups
biological dry oregano to taste salt to
I like two tablespoons of olive oil and 250 250
ml of warm water
we then start a canister with 500
with 500 grams of wheat flour and
People are going to add sugar, please honey.
sugar yeast even put sugar
This faith is even putting sugar
this recipe will not get sweet
the sugar is just to help activate the
yeast
then we will put the oregano in the dough
stay cool can put
because they deny you, put a
little salt is not good
the load of salt we will put two
spoons of olive oil you open
on here
instead of the olive oil can be placed the
oil but with us is tastier and
Now we'll put water on.
slowly pouring water as people
go stir
the dough is ready
Now just let rest December 15
minutes
she will double in size and leave ready
we open after 15 minutes our
mass has grown and we will open it
will prepare our pizza
the stuff that we are going to prepare is
Marguerita and to make this pizza
Marguerite, people need tomatoes.
peeled parmesan cheese mozzarella cheese
basil and oregano
it's a first step we're here to separate
pasta
It opens the disc will always
using the flour of the square do not stick
after the open mass we will measure
then size the disk and cut it
greater than our shape so that the
people can make the stuffed border
to leave the disk right here with
this disk then we start from
from the border to work we will use a
Cream cheese
then we go through here curd
all over the edge
now we put our
pizza on the disk
here on our disk so we'll go
start filling the base first with the
peeled tomato does not need to add anything
It's just okay and peeled tomato that he
will drop enough juice will stay with
This little piece here to make our base
spread through all of this
Now we're going to put the cheese.
mozzarella
now we will add the
basil and now parmesan cheese
Parmesan cheese because it has a taste
much stronger
he has a very tasty head
we'll get the rest of the tomato
we live that is the trademark of the
pizza marguerita plays well from always
Are you going to play well?
Yes, it's ready for our pizza.
now just take it to the preheated oven
with this brand usually you usually
do at home to buy a disc
pizza is already pre- baked
So this pizza will take a while.
more to get ready
bake and from time to time you
raise province but never underneath
More gold is placed our
pizza is ready
Let's take the oven then our pizza already
it's ready now, just cut and serve
to ready our super marguerita pizza
stuff is quick to make this
recipe friends do to family liked
video gives a jewel follows our channel
Like our page on facebook
to the next